update what is happening connection conf phase (#1502)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

### What is happening in the connection confirmation phase?

Because the input registration phase takes some time, the coordinator needs to ensure that everyone is still online and ready to continue.

> So in the [connection confirmation phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#connection-confirmation) every Alice sends a signal to the coordinator and when the amount of Alices is above the minimum, this phase concludes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So in the [connection confirmation phase](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#connection-confirmation) every Alice sends a signal to the coordinator that she is still online, and when all Alices do so, or after a timeout and the number of online Alices is still larger than the minimum number of inputs, this phase ends.
```
